Update kubernetes/steering links to use 'main' branch (#716)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2025/steering-committee-results-2025.md

The [2025 Steering Committee Election](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/elections/steering/2025) is now complete. The Kubernetes Steering Committee consists of 7 seats, 4 of which were up for election in 2025. Incoming committee members serve a term of 2 years, and all members are elected by the Kubernetes Community.

> The Steering Committee oversees the governance of the entire Kubernetes project. With that great power comes great responsibility. You can learn more about the steering committee’s role in their [charter](https://github.com/kubernetes/steering/blob/main/master/charter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Steering Committee oversees the governance of the entire Kubernetes project. With that great power comes great responsibility. You can learn more about the steering committee’s role in their [charter](https://git.k8s.io/steering/charter.md).
```
